Dev db setup revisions (#2454)
ubicloud/ubicloud: DEVELOPERS.md

database is rare, usually when working on or debugging the testing
infrastructure itself.

### Running migrations

The `setup_database` task will drop databases if they exist, create databases and then migrate them.

> You can run also run just the migrations to update to the latest schema with rake:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already setup the databases, and you want to run new migrations to update them
to the latest schema:
```

(upper case `A`) which applies "unsafe" corrections that may alter the
semantics of the program.

### Running the migrations

> Empty databases will cause Clover to crash.  You can run database

Reviewer: This section should be reworded, not removed.  Developers should not be running `setup_database` for every migration, it's unnecessary to rerun all migrations.  test_up/dev_up should still be recommended for use after initial setup.

Author: I rewrote the commit to include an updated version of this (see above).
